Anubia: Im 9 years old, my name is Tim and I think Im too smart for most of the kids. I dont mean to sound like too full of myself but thats what the doctors said to my parents. They literally said that Im too smart for my age, which excuses my way of speaking.
Anubia: Mostly cuz of my intelligence most of the kids think Im a dick. I do get why I often correct them when they're wrong. Well, Im also the youngest.
Anubia: Cuz of my intelligence I go to high school Im in class with ppl who r like 17 years old, which is kind of embarrassing for them I guess. 
Anubia: School is easy, maybe too easy. U could say that its nearly impossible for me to find real friends, because ppl keep using me or they think Im a dick.
Anubia: So I got bored quickly and was thinking of an method to distract myself while the other kids were playing football or hide and seek. It was hard to find an activity which u're only able to do alone. But then I had it! A boomerang!      
Anubia: My parents couldn't say no to me because I normally never ask for anything.
Anubia: I was playing with it outside when a kid around my age came up to me asked with an ice cream in his hands 'heyy, looks cool dude, wanna do sth together?'
Anubia: 'Im sure u dont know who I am right?' I asked
Anubia: 'I do, I heard a lot of things bout u. U're rly smart, right? But its not like I care I just wanna have fun and maybe be friends. Also Im new here so I dont have any friends myself' he answered. 
Anubia: We started playing outside nearly everyday. It was fun. I HAD FUN WITH A KID. I was impressed ngl. 
Anubia: Friends actually do sth I guess, they make u feel calm and happy. It got rly hot outside so we made eating ice cream a tradition. Ice cream with sparkles, sauce etc.
Anubia: We were best friends!
Anubia: -20 years later -
Anubia: My boomerang now hangs on my living room wall to remind me that u can do stuff alone but it's more fun with friends. And also that its important to have some. Oh yeah nearly forgot to mentioned that,.. I always have ice cream at home now ;D