Anubia: The sky always calmed me down since ever. Im glad that we live somewhere outside the city in Netherlands so I can see the stars whenever I want to.
Anubia: My mom and me always looked for constellations in the sky cuz I was so interested in it. I guess I was interested in it cuz I'd never reach them.
Anubia: I was 13 and always looking for stars or solving difficult mysteries
Anubia: I got rly good at it! One day my mom died cuz she was rly ill, she never told me about her illness. I do understand why she didn't but also Im sad that I didnt notice.
Anubia: I locked myself away for about 3 months without rly eating. So I lost a lot of weight. I nearly became anorexic, so my dad came up to my room an gave me a box with an number code.
Anubia: 1/2/13/4/13/16/13/1/13
Anubia: The box was locked I had to choose 9 letters to open the lock.
Anubia: I was thinking bout all the mysteries we solved together and remembered how I should be able to solve it!
Anubia: 1 = A cuz its the first letter of the alphabet
Anubia: So I solved it
Anubia: A/B/M/D/M/P/M/A/M
Anubia: It didn't rly make sense for me so I was confused and nearly sure that it must be wrong.
Anubia: I chose the letters and the box opened up!
Anubia: There was a letter. I co0uld see the handwriting of my mom she always used to draw flowers on her letters so they looked more pleasing.
Anubia: I picked the letter up
Anubia: My dear, 
Anubia: Im sry I didnt tell u anything bout what what going on with me but I couldn't bring it over me. I knew it would destroy u! It nearly destroyed my happiness so I didn't want to think bout what'd have happened to u.
Anubia: So u're sure wondering why I chose the letters for the box right?
Anubia: Every letter stands for a star of an constellation u know!
Anubia: Alioth, Mizar, Benetnasch, Dubhe, Merak, Phekda, Megrez and the double star Alkor-Mizar.
Anubia: I knew those stars!
Anubia: So my dear,
Anubia: The big dipper is always there u can always see it and u shall remember that Im alwas there for u too! As long as the stars shine I live, as long as u can see them I'll protect u.
Anubia: There was also a key im the box
Anubia: So I went downstairs and opened the garage with it. I recognize the keys as soon as I saw them.
Anubia: And saw a brand new telescope
Anubia: With a 'they say we were once part of stars maybe Im not leaving maybe Im going home ~love mom' note on it
Anubia: Since then I always look for the big dipper before I go to sleep.