Anubia: 
The sky always calmed me down since forever. I’m glad that we live somewhere outside the city in Netherlands, so I can see the stars whenever I want to.
Me and my mom always looked for constellations in the sky because I was so interested in it. I guess I was interested in it because I'd never reach them.
I was 13, and always looking for stars or solving difficult mysteries
I got quite good at it! One day my mom died because she was really ill, she never told me about her illness. I do understand why she didn't, but I’m also sad that I didn’t notice.
I locked myself away for about 3 months without really eating, so I lost a lot of weight. I nearly became anorexic, so my dad came up to my room an gave me a box with a number code on.
1/2/13/4/13/16/13/1/13
The box was locked I had to choose 9 letters to open the lock.
I was thinking about all the mysteries we solved together and remembered how I should be able to solve it!
1 = A because it’s the first letter of the alphabet
So, I solved it.
A/B/M/D/M/P/M/A/M
It didn't really make sense for me, so I was confused and nearly sure that it must be wrong.
I chose the letters and the box opened!
There was a letter. I co0uld see the handwriting of my mom she always used to draw flowers on her letters, so they looked more pleasing.
I picked the letter up and it read:
My dear, 
I’m sorry I didn’t tell u anything about what was going on with me, but I couldn't bring it over me. I knew it would destroy u! It nearly destroyed my happiness, so I didn't want to think about what'd have happened to u.
So, you're wondering why I chose the letters for the box right?
Every letter stands for a star of a constellation you know!
Alioth, Mizar, Benetnasch, Dubhe, Merak, Phekda, Megrez and the double star Alkor-Mizar.”
I thought to myself: “I knew those stars!”
The note continued “So, my dear,
The big dipper is always there, you can always see it and u shall remember that I’m always there for you too! As long as the stars shine I live, as long as you can see them I'll protect u.”
There was also a key in the box
So, I went downstairs and opened the garage with it. I recognize the keys as soon as I saw them.
And saw a brand-new telescope
With another note that read “they say we were once part of stars, so maybe I’m not leaving, maybe I’m going home 
~love mom”
Since then I always look for the big dipper before I go to sleep.
